hey guys um I just got my Barbie doll
DUP nails nail printer today so I wanted
to make a video showing you some of the
stuff that it does because it's pretty
new so there's not really a whole lot
out about it this is the nail printer
I've got a little camera inside of there
and it's basically just like a normal
printer printer that's it prints on your
nails and let's start the page and what
you do is you go to design and print
and it's this page and it's got tons of
images we got a party on and mix it up
and Spelling Bee here are some of them
I'll scroll down so you can see more
we got biohazard stuff and little skulls
and whatnot anyways well first you have
to put on nail polish and I use the
light that came with it and then you
have to put this special topcoat on you
absolutely must use this cuz the ink
sticks to that and if you don't use it
the ink will just beat up off of your
nails but anyways you stick your finger
in here we'll do my pointer finger and
you stick it in there and your nail
shows up on the screen and there's a
little like wall that you push and it
makes your nail like go up to the camera
and I'm gonna just put the camera down
first click this then you click take
picture and then it says the flashing
button take your finger out and it takes
a picture of your finger and then what
you do is you go through here and you
select whatever image that you want
how about we do this one that says how
so you click that and it goes over onto
the nail and you use these little guys
to stretch it out how you want and move
the image around it only goes to a
certain link so if you have really long
nails this won't work very well this is
this is as long as it goes and you can
see my nail peeking over the top of that
so it's obviously for little girl nails
and then you can scale your image to
size and you can change the color with
this little slighty bar umm I like it
red so I'm gonna keep it red and then
you click the printer button and stick
your finger in there and then just
squash a button and so it's printing in
progress
hold your nail in there press down till
it clicks and oops I got it a little
off-center but oh you can't see it
because of a stupid macro thing I'll
take a picture of it anyways but yeah
that's it all in all it's pretty cool
the images are really neat the only
thing I don't like about it is how kind
of the images aren't that crisp and
close up they kind of look I mean you
can tell that it's like it's kind of
like when your printer gets a little low
on ink and it's kind of scratchy but
from far away it looks totally fine it's
just when you look at your nails up
close
yeah I guess on a scale of one to ten I
would probably give it a nine because
it's awesome and it's really really fun
to do and there's so many images to look
through there's got to be something for
everyone on here oh and the coolest
thing is you can upload your own picture
earlier I had put a picture of my nephew
on here you can kind of see that down
here you can upload your own things it
came out kind of scratchy looking but it
was still really cool yeah you can
upload any of your pictures anything you
want to and print it onto your nail so
yeah it's really awesome yeah that's
about all I have to say for it
if you have any questions about it go
ahead and message me and I will try to
answer them I don't know how helpful
because I just got it this afternoon
so yeah anyways okay
you